c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\SporMagazasi.dll.config
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\SporMagazasi.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\SporMagazasi.pdb
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\obj\Debug\SporMagazasi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\obj\Debug\SporMagazasi.dll
c:\users\kerdogan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SporMagazasi\SporMagazasi\obj\Debug\SporMagazasi.pdb
